
One day suddenly a security guard found a dead body on the stairs of the City Center Mall. The security guard was horrified when he saw that. Frightened, he immediately called the police. He was very scared and could not even speak properly in the call. He said to the police, "Hello, come here quickly. Somebody’s dead body is here. A corpse is in front of me." Saying this, he immediately disconnected the phone and sat in a chair nearby.
But detective Dan Kaliny arrived faster...
- Wow, what a wonderful day it is. I get up early this morning, go to the bathroom, had breakfast. Then I immediately go to the gym "Kalinka". It was the best training I have ever made. After training, I wanted to meet with my friend Mike, I haven`t seen him for a long time. I have to meet him at one o'clock. Ohh, I`m late...
You walked into the mall...
You thought, "What a change this mall has made, and just a month ago, it almost burned down."
And then you saw a crowd of people standing on the stairs and looking at something.
choice1(1):

You went to the toilet.

Ohh, this is what I’ve been waiting for...
Ohh    ahhhh     mmm     well done!
After you peed a little, you saw that the police had arrived and you wouldn’t be able to examine the corpse.
'GAME OVER!' * 10
choice1(2):

You start calling to Mike.
RING...      RING...      RING...        RING...
"Strange, maybe he can't hear? Perhaps he is among that crowd, and there he definitely won’t hear the call."

You approached the crowd and saw the corpse.
choice1(3):

You approached the crowd and saw the corpse.

- Ohh, It can`t be.\n- I don`t believe it!
You start to investigate body. An ID card was found on the man’s shirt with his name written on it. His name was "Mike Williams", an employee of a company.

"It`s Mike, my old friend... It`s impossible!"
You saw fire scars on the arms. "Hmm, he seemed to be a good cook."
After examining the body, you realized that there were no non-bullet and stab wounds.

"So he was poisoned..."
Now you had to know who killed Mike and who left him here?

"I`m sure it`s not an accident, he was killed by someone..."
After knowing all this, you made the decision.

You went to Mike’s house...













